Agenda for the next meeting. 
Currently scheduled for Friday, February 12 16:30 UTC +1

COMMIT to add items. 
If you don't have write access, please open a PR :)
_______________________________________________________________________

* Progress and updates on:
    Discourse, CircleCI, Fosshost
    Design of Small Grants program
    Transfer of Tahoe-LAFS.org billing to the organization


_______________________________________________________________________
Minutes of Past Meetings
_______________________________________________________________________


February 9, 2021
_______________________________________________________________________

* What should we do with the tahoe-dev mailing list?
    We will try out hosting a forum on Discourse to take over the main
    function of the old mailing list

* Should we use a paid CircleCI account? https://circleci.com/pricing/
    We will try upgrading to a "performance" account.

* Thoughts about a community-run Jitsi instance?
    We will apply to fosshost.org and try their Jitsi

* Crafting a structure for the Small Grants program
    We want to utilize resources such as Le Wagon to build a funnel
    However, we should choose appropriate tickets/projects
    Namely, Web/UI focused projects can be spun out

* We now have $250 USD/mo in the form of a credit card via Aspiration
    We will now begin to get all accounts under one account
