## January 2021

This report was produced by the Community Manager and covers discussions and decisions from December 15, 2020 to January 31, 2021.

It is the first file in a new folder of monthly reports to keep the Tahoe-LAFS community informed on discussions and decisions regarding the project.

Because this is the first report, I find it important to mention that currently:

+ Whenever possible, titles/roles are mentioned alongside names
+ We followed a simple but transparent and public governance process, outlined in the table below
+ Although 1-on-1 discussions occurred, the results of these discussions were eventually published or presented for discussion
+ Any community member can comment on these decisions by means of a pull request

### Summary

Most of the work done at this time was organizing a considerable backlog of community functions that had fallen into disrepair.

Institutional knowledge is being reorganized and captured. A considerable body of documentation already exists, however, we seek to flatten the learning curve for newcomers.

Upcoming items where input/assistance is requested:

+ Formalize a Governance Process
+ Designing of Grants Process
+ Updating Documentation

| Items Done          | Category       | Description                                                                  | Notes                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
|---------------------|----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|                     | Community      | Meetings moved from Mumble to Jitsi                                          | Tuesdays 18:00 UTC +1 @ https://meet.jit.si/TahoeLAFSNutsAndBolts                                                                                                                                             |
|                     |                |                                                                              | Fridays 16:30 UTC +1 @ TBD via IRC/Slack                                                                                                                                                                      |
|                     |                |                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     |                | Ad hoc governance and transparency via GitHub repo                           | Current consensus protocol: discuss at public weekly meetings, hear perspectives/objections, make decisions, write up into public repo                                                                        |
|                     | Finance        | Tahoe CC w/$250/mo limit                                                     | Should be more than enough for our current needs                                                                                                                                                              |
|                     |                | Discussion of grants program                                                 | Tahoe Fund has line item for grants and this can be used for building diversity/inclusion talent pipeline                                                                                                     |
|                     | Development    | Meejah and Jean-Paul (devs) can now sign releases                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     |                | Sajith (dev) working on port of zFEC to GitLab                               | Test case for larger migration off Trac; using Tracboat (https://github.com/tracboat/tracboat). One issue is that we want to preserve contributor records of people who don't have GitLab accounts            |
|                     |                | "self-contained" tag created                                                 | Looking for a way to speed along backlogged, non-urgent tasks                                                                                                                                                 |
|                     |                | Python 3 porting continues                                                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     | Communications | Viktoriia (communications) hand-off to May-Lee (community manager)           | We now have three extremely useful documents, thanks to Viktoriia: our Code of Conduct, an Executive Summary from a marketing/branding perspective and inventory/suggestions for the website                  |
|                     |                | Jean-Paul (dev) write up Haskell implementation of encoding/encryption       | Blog post/content; also great for community                                                                                                                                                                   |
|                     |                | Sajth (dev) progress on Matrix                                               | Alternative to Slack                                                                                                                                                                                          |
|                     |                | Content plan created                                                         | Will be deployed in February                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Next Items/upcoming |                |                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     | Category       | Description                                                                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     | Community      | Plan "Hello World" event for users                                           | Grow users of Tahoe-LAFS and troubleshoot UX                                                                                                                                                                  |
|                     |                | PR Template                                                                  | Fulfill GitHub "Community" rubric; useful nonetheless                                                                                                                                                         |
|                     |                | Craft governance proposal                                                    | Our current governance structure, while publicly available and consensus-based, works fine for our current size. However, it might be good to formally commit to a public document. |
|                     |                | BASICS Web Dev hiring continues                                              | Waiting on updates                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|                     |                | Design grant program                                                         | Input/ideas being taken at this point                                                                                                                                                                         |
|                     | Infrastructure | Get servers for public UI/UX (GridSync)                                      | Knocking out one technical requirement will make things easier for new users                                                                                                                                  |
|                     |                | Get DNS server                                                               | Table stakes                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|                     | Finance        | Set up expenses tracking                                                     | Informally handled and tracked by Community Manager (May-Lee); system should formalize                                                                                                                                  |
|                     | Development    | Upgrade CirclesCI                                                            | I hear they take bribes                                                                                                                                                                                       |
|                     |                | BASICS Testing and Release Manager hiring continues                          | Waiting on updates                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|                     | Communications | Deploy content plan                                                          | Content plan will be published in https://github.com/tahoe-lafs/community                                                                                                                                                        |
|                     |                | "Revive" mailing list                                                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|                     |                | Make Python-oriented announcement                                            |                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
